# Bank-Account (Functionality)
- The assignment involves bank customers that have their own banking account, which includes a checking account, a savings account, and a credit account. These customers are able to inquire about their account balances, deposit money to their accounts, withdraw money from their accounts, transfer money between their own accounts, and pay another customer. However, they are only able to perform these actions once they have successfully logged into the system. For every successful transaction, it is not only logged into a separate file but also stored in a list of transactions for every customer. Additionally, the customer’s account information is updated accordingly. In addition to the bank customers, the assignment involves a bank manager capable of certain activities, such as adding new bank users, inquiring the accounts of all customers or a specific customer by name or account type and number, processing transactions in a file accordingly via a transaction reader, and writing a bank statement for a specific customer. The goal of the assignment is to create a program that can store the account information of several bank users in such a way that it is possible for different bank users to access said information and perform their mentioned tasks.

- The program is functioned based on the last programming assignment, from which we added new required functionality for this programming assignment. We used objects and appropriate algorithms, applied the open-closed principle, and made sure that bank statements can be printed for any selected customer from the bank. We handled any new information related to the customer by adding his or her email and password. We implemented an interface called Printable, from which an interface would be used to specify what a class that implements said interface can do. We added the necessary methods to print the information needed for the user. We added a login prompt for when customers need to log in, they would then need to input their password in order to access their account successfully. We also made sure that we would handle all exceptions appropriately by not letting the user have negative money into their account unless it is a credit account. Lastly, when the user decided to close the program, we then wrote a new account balance sheet that would have the new values similar to the original input.
